This describes the resources that make up the official GitHub REST API v3. If you have any problems or requests, please contact GitHub Support.

Current version
Schema
Authentication
Parameters
Root endpoint
GraphQL global node IDs
Client errors
HTTP redirects
HTTP verbs
Hypermedia
Pagination
Rate limiting
User agent required
Conditional requests
Cross origin resource sharing
JSON-P callbacks
Timezones
Current version
By default, all requests to https://api.github.com receive the v3 version of the REST API. We encourage you to explicitly request this version via the Accept header.

Accept: application/vnd.github.v3+json
For information about GitHub's GraphQL API v4, see the v4 documentation. For information about migrating to GraphQL, see "Migrating from REST."

Schema
All API access is over HTTPS, and accessed from https://api.github.com. All data is sent and received as JSON.

curl -i https://api.github.com/users/octocat/orgs
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Server: nginx
Date: Fri, 12 Oct 2012 23:33:14 GMT
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
Connection: keep-alive
Status: 200 OK
ETag: "a00049ba79152d03380c34652f2cb612"
X-GitHub-Media-Type: github.v3
X-RateLimit-Limit: 5000
X-RateLimit-Remaining: 4987
X-RateLimit-Reset: 1350085394
Content-Length: 5
Cache-Control: max-age=0, private, must-revalidate
X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff
Blank fields are included as null instead of being omitted.

All timestamps return in ISO 8601 format:

YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ
For more information about timezones in timestamps, see this section.

Summary representations
When you fetch a list of resources, the response includes a subset of the attributes for that resource. This is the "summary" representation of the resource. (Some attributes are computationally expensive for the API to provide. For performance reasons, the summary representation excludes those attributes. To obtain those attributes, fetch the "detailed" representation.)

Example: When you get a list of repositories, you get the summary representation of each repository. Here, we fetch the list of repositories owned by the octokit organization:

GET /orgs/octokit/repos
Detailed representations
When you fetch an individual resource, the response typically includes all